Add documentation for managing sequences (#941)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/0.9.x/reference/bridge/manage_sequences/index.md

---
title: Manage Sequences
description: Manage sequences from the Bridge
weight: 40
keywords: [0.9.x-bridge]
---

The sequence view shows all executed sequences for the selected project.

The list on the left side gives a brief overview of all sequences and can be filtered. By clicking one of the sequences, the detail for it opens.
This detailed view shows every executed task for the selected sequence in a specific stage. It includes information like the related events, the result, and the payload.

For evaluation sequences, the Bridge will also provide a link to the evaluation board.<br/>
For delivery sequences, the Bridge will provide a link to the deployed artifact.

> The default selection when opening the detail is the last executed stage. Select a different one by clicking on the stage name in the timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When opening the detail, the default selection is the last executed stage. Select a different one by clicking on the stage name in the timeline.
```

{{< popup_image
link="./assets/running-sequence.png"
caption="Sequences">}}

## Filtering

Filtering provides a way of getting a better overview of the sequences. Filter by using the search bar or by selecting the items from the filter list.
Filters can apply to:

> * Service - all services created for the project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

* Service - all services created for the project
```
Could you add a line break before the list? Else it will look like this.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11599148/137336650-8b607d9d-3240-4ac6-baf6-e5169826e223.png)

> * Stage - all stages for sequences as defined in the projects shipyard file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stage - all stages defined in the shipyard file of the project
```

> * Sequence - all sequences as defined projects shipyard file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sequence - all sequences defined in the shipyard file of the project
```

* Status - sequences can have the status active, succeeded, or failed

## Pausing and resuming sequences
Running sequences have the option to be paused. The buttons' location to trigger pausing is on the top right of a list entry or the detail view. Clicking the button will halt the running sequence until it is resumed.

> Please note: Any running task is going to finish before the service pauses the sequence. That means that the Bridge may show a paused state, but the task list is still updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note: Any running task is going to finish before the service pauses the sequence. That means that the Bridge may show a paused state, but the task list is still running.
```
